Yes.
>> Does it mostly base that
decision on what function to run,
if any, based on whatever description
you give to that function?
>> Yeah, this is when to run the function.
This is the description on how
to calculate this parameter.
So yeah, there's nothing
stopping you from making that.
Again, it's like,
ask a friend, [LAUGH] right?
And then you can just put something in
here as a description as a function like,
use this function if
this question feels hard.
If you need help asking this question,
run this function, and
then it'll ask another AI,
right, or versus DALL.E.
DALL.E generates images, right?
ChatGPT just got released
with DALL.E support.
How do you think they did it?
They did this,
they just made a function here that says,
generateImage, and
it takes in a prompt, Right,
and it just calls the DALL.E API,
which, I mean, we can try it.
Let's see.
Let's see what happens.
We can say, result = await
openai.images.generate().
What does this take?
Does this take a prompt?
I don't even know what this thing takes.
Body, I think it takes that thing.
Yeah, okay, so you can do that.
I don't know what the result is gonna be,
let's just log it.
Cool, and I'll just respond
back with nothing for now.
So then I could do that, right?
I can take this whole object, ooh,
I can take this whole object here,
make a new one.
Okay, it didn't copy the way
that I thought it was going to,
I'll just do the whole thing.
And, I put it in the wrong place,
didn't I?
>> One more bracket down.
>> Yeah.
There we go.
So I can call this createImage.
And I'll just give this the same name too,
or generateImage.
Okay, let's do that.
generateImage, and this is a,
Create or generate image based
on a description, right?
And then I'll take a prompt,
it's a string.
And I want the description
of the image to generate,
and then this needs to be prompt,
there we go.
So I don't know, this might work,
[LAUGH] let's see.
So then now I can go down here and
I can say,
I want an image, or create me
an image of a cat flying through space.
See what happens.
I don't know what that is.
It looks like it just tried
to create some markdown.
There it is.
It did it.
Damn, [LAUGH] I was not expecting that.
Let's go see it.
Wow, [LAUGH] it's kinda crazy.
It's just responded back with markdown,
because obviously I didn't respond
back with the image, right?
I just put an empty string here.
So it's like, I don't know how to
respond back, but we logged it, right?
So, Card?
>> So it's generating that prompt, which
is just text that it's in, passing to it?
So is it pulling the exact
same prompt that you gave or
is it creating its own prompt based on-
>> That's a good question, let's see.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's check it out.
So let's look at the prompt
that it sent in.
I don't know, I put temperature on 0, so
I'm guessing it's the exact same thing.
If I change the temperature,
I bet it'll get crazier.
So let's log the prompt.
And actually, let me send back the result.
What was the result?
It was an object with
the data in an array.
Let's send that back, so
that way you can respond back with it.
So result.data[0].url.
There we go.
Let's try that.
So, same thing,
image of a cat flying through space.
Yeah, the prompt was a cat
flying through space.
And yeah, here's what I got back.
Yeah, pretty crazy,
the reason why it's not responding back
here is because JavaScript, right?
I'm trying to do an async.
I'm trying to do an await in a while loop.
So it's not waiting for that to finish.
So the completion response finishes before
the API call to the image finishes.
So there's a race condition.
So yeah,
it's just like not doing it, right?
So yeah, that's pretty crazy.
[LAUGH] Yeah.
>> This is more of a question
from the calculate example.
But does the model reprocess
the output of the function call?
For example, will it return whatever
calculate said without double-checking?
>> Yes, it will return.
It won't do anything
you don't ask it to do.
So if you didn't ask it to check it,
it won't.
What that person is describing is more of
what an agent is, where it can think for
itself, where it can reason about
the result of a function and
determine if the result was good enough.
And if not, it will respond back with,
no, I gotta call another function,
that didn't work out.
Or in this case,
it's not thinking about it.
It just assumes whatever the result
of the function is the answer.
But you could write some
prompt engineering like, hey,
if the results of the functions that
you might use come back is not helpful,
then I need you to say
they're not helpful.
Or could you ask it again
with a different parameter?
The possibilities are endless of
how you could do it, so yeah, yeah?
>> Can the AI read back the elevated
privileges that's needed on a database or
active directory?
For example, Well,
can it find out the permissions and
return each item to the prompt or
are permissions are loaded by default and
it can tell you what it has so far?
>> The AI can do whatever your
function allows it to do.
So if you have a function that does all
that and exposes that and you gave the AI
the ability to call that function, then
yes, it can and probably will do that.
[LAUGH] So
don't write a function that can do that.
I mean, I've seen people add
authentication to prompts.
It's insane.
So it's like, yeah, we're gonna teach
the AI about these functions it can run.
But one of the arguments that the function
must have is a password, or a secret, or
something like that that you have to add
to your prompt in order for this to run.
So therefore, only people with this
token can run this prompt that then
runs this function, and the function,
you'll get a token here, right?
You'll get a token, and then you'll check
that token to see if it's valid, and
only then will you run the function,
right?
So I've seen [LAUGH] people do that,
I'm like, this is kinda insane, but, yeah.
>> Maybe they should authenticate
out of band of the AI call.
>> Yes, that's probably, yeah, exactly,
don't show this view to someone
who's not authenticated, right?
But yeah, I've seen people do that, or
they'll add the authentication
here to the system message, right?
It's like, here's the authentication for
the logged person, they need this for
function calling or something like that.
I've seen people do that.
I don't know, it's crazy.
It's a crazy world we're living in,
I'll say that.